I think I've found it
the best Star Wars game sure sure you've
got your Battlefront in your Republic
Commando both great games and I am not
by any means an expert on Star Wars
video games but Star Wars metal republic
is what fans dream up in regards to an
immersive interesting and fun Star Wars
RPG or what they dreamt up up into the
games beliefs in 2003 for the Xbox and
PC developed by the seemingly more PC
focused Bioware and published by
LucasArts Star Wars metal republic is a
must play for fans Lee expansive space
opera franchise and for anyone looking
for a great RPG the most intriguing
aspect of Knights of the Old Republic
design is its appeal hopefully
regardless of feelings towards Star Wars
media beyond the original trilogy
Knights is technically a prequel but not
in the same timeframe as the
controversial films instead taking place
four thousand years before the Empire
came out the story then follows a player
created character that does in fact have
a canonical identity much like Commander
Shepard and Bioware's other space epic
Mass Effect and much like that game and
Bioware is even more similar Dragon Age
Origins Nights features the ability to
interact with the varied cast of
characters that eventually fill the
ranks for your party increasing the
emotional impact is on the game's key
plot twists ultimately the ending of the
game in your role instead plot twists
depend on a karma system the choices
influencing said karma system and the
subsequent turn to light or dark side
aren't labeled as good or bad and this
is a welcomed design choice considering
zon the less immersive obvious choices
present in more recent games that being
said it's still pretty obvious what will
happen after responding a certain way in
the somewhat dynamic dialogue system if
the player does in fact have a solid
moral compass but let's be honest we
don't because we play video games so
raaah murder speaking of murdering
gameplay nice laud Republic features a
round based combat system in which
gameplay can be paused and commands to
be issued but actions are ultimately
carried out without real-time player
input similar to all Dragon Age Origins
up to two other party members can be
brought into the environment in combat
upon leaving the home starship the ebon
Hawk in certain quests and objectives
may be unreachable without the aid of
your thief droid or wiki friends among
the six other possible allies RPG
mechanics surrounding the
moment-to-moment combat features on row
staples like specific skill leveling new
feet and power allotments class specific
equippable z' weapon and armor upgrades
NPC interaction and numerous side quests
but similar to other Bioware RPGs and
unlike other popular Western RPGs like
Skyrim Knights features more linear
environments upon landing on one of the
several planets such as Tatooine the
physical route necessary to reach the
main quest objective is very clear with
a few exceptions this isn't necessarily
a bad thing though because it only
emphasizes the non-linear choices
character interaction and lower obtained
from said characters the game still
manages to reach a pretty hefty total
playtime upon completion despite all it
does write the story the choices the
incredible world and lore and the
tactical gameplay Star Wars Knight the
Old Republic isn't perfect especially
when viewing it through a modern lens
the game still looks great voice acting
is incredible especially for the aliens
and characters cards and music is
characteristically Star Wars but the
flaws are more prevalent in game design
rather than in technical terms
sure cutscenes are a little stiff and
backgrounds look more like less
impressive backdrops but you may have
noticed my couple of comparisons between
Dragon Age Origins that's because it's
pretty similar and was also developed by
Bioware I also absolutely love that game
but fandom aside is clear to see that
Bioware had perfected the formula they
did so well in Knights I don't mean to
suggest that it's any less of a game and
Dragon Age certainly isn't Star Wars but
modern gamers might find a few archaic
devices in its design regardless Bioware
created a
Jim and the best starwars video game
experience with Star Wars Knights of the
Old Republic one that nevertheless
stains the test of time and is a must
play and must own for Star Wars and RPG
fans alike as you wish master you will
find this most relaxing if you would
come with me into the massage room for
back